chore: release 0.52.0 (#3581)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

.. _changelog:

0.52.0
------

> Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces a new secrets-storage service that allows users to store and use secrets in sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces a new feature to save and use secrets in RenkuLab sessions. For example, save your credentials for a database or external computing resource in RenkuLab to access those external systems from a RenkuLab session. Save secrets via the new User Secrets page in the account drop down, and choose which secrets to mount in a session on the Start with Options page. ```

Reviewer: @lorenzo-cavazzi Can we add a link to the secrets docs?
